Sometimes the best way to help yourself is to help someone else - Iroh
This tea is nothing more than hot leaf juice! - Iroh
This guy is too good he shoots fire from his brain - Sokka
Pain tethers me to the world - Finch
Intentions can be a fickle business. - Finch
I missed on purpose, jackass. - Shaw
Never send a human to do a machine's job. - Agent Smith
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. - Rhett Butler
Dodge this. - Trinity
Stop trying to hit me and hit me. - Morpheus
Do you think that's air you're breathing now? - Morpheus
We're two different people. We can't have the same left. - Charlie
You think I wouldn't know if the guy I'm dating is retarded? - Dee
You gotta pay the troll toll, if you wanna get into that boy's soul. - Frank
Storm comin', hatchet comin'! - Charlie
I'm not fat. I'm cultivating mass. - Mac
Cat in the wall, eh?! Okay, now you're talking my language. - Charlie
Oh, shit. Look at that door, dude. See that door right there? The one marked 'pirate?' You think a pirate lives in there? - Charlie
Fight Milk! The first alcoholic dairy based protein drink for bodyguards! - Mac
Dayman, fighter of the Nightman, champion of the sun, you're a master of karate and friendship for everyone! - Dennis and Charlie
See, I've always got an A, B and C strike plan to get us out of any potentially life-threatening situation. - Mac
If you're in my room, you're always being filmed. - Dennis
I'm not gonna be buried in a grave. When I'm dead, just throw me in the trash. - Frank
I looked for an 'I'm-sorry-I-got-you-shot' card, but they were all out. - Joss Carter
If you really need a mystery, I recommend the human heart. - Harold Finch
The world is a dangerous place, Elliott, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. - Mr. Robot
Did you see that ludicrous display last night? - Moss
0118 999 881 999 119 7253 - Moss
The Elders of the Internet know who I am?! - Jen
They'll beg you and they'll flatter you for the secret, but as soon as you give it up... you'll be nothing to them - Alfred Borden
They have neither the time, the training, nor the inclination for strategic thought. I can no longer sit back and allow Communist infiltration, Communist indoctrination, Communist subversion and the international Communist conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids. - Jack D. Ripper
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground. - Cersei Lannister
The Love Formula: Add up the number of times you think about the lady each day. Subtract from the total the number of times you think about yourself each day.If the remainder is more lady, and less yourself, then it's love. - Dr. Harry Wolper
If I stop drinking all at once, I'm afraid the cumulative hangover will kill me. - 
Hey, proposition: first person to untie me—guy or gal—I will let him or her give me a handy. Come on, let's share the milk of human kindness! - 
Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I skipped the Emily Post chapter on how to introduce your mother to a hooker. - 
He's not coming back from that. That chick was, like, the Pele of anal. - 
I'm not saying I invented the turtleneck, but I was the first person to realize its potential as a tactical garment. The tactical turtleneck! The … tactleneck. - 
I do fear death. I fear dying in here while my city burns. And there's no one there to save it. - Bruce Wayne
Have you tried turning it off and on again? - Roy
Tears aren't a woman's only weapon. The best one's between your legs. - Cersei Lannister
Never forget what you are, the rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor and it can never be used to hurt you. - Tyrion Lannister
You know nothing, Jon Snow. - Ygritte
Winter is coming. - The Starks
Hodor. - Hodor
Any man who must say "I am the king" is no true king. - Tyrion Lannister
A Lannister always pays his debts. - Tyrion Lannister
They're just robots, Morty! It's OK to shoot them! They're robots! - Rick Sanchez
Suprise, motherfucker!! - Doakes
Shut up, cunt!! - The trinity killer
You met me at a very strange time in my life. - 
I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you. - Bryan Mills
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self. - Harry Hart
You are wrong if you think joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living. - Jon Krakauer
Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn't mean they're lost forever. - Charles Xavier/Professor X
Jack! Come back! Come back! Come back!. - Rose
Pain tethers me to the world - Finch
Intentions can be a fickle business. - Finch
They're all dead. Everybody's dead, Dave. - Holly
I missed on purpose, jackass. - Shaw
Never send a human to do a machine's job. - Agent Smith
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. - Rhett Butler
Dodge this. - Trinity
Stop trying to hit me and hit me. - Morpheus
Do you think that's air you're breathing now? - Morpheus
We're two different people. We can't have the same left. - Charlie
You think I wouldn't know if the guy I'm dating is retarded? - Dee
You gotta pay the troll toll, if you wanna get into that boy's soul. - Frank
Storm comin', hatchet comin'! - Charlie
I'm not fat. I'm cultivating mass. - Mac
Cat in the wall, eh?! Okay, now you're talking my language. - Charlie
Oh, shit. Look at that door, dude. See that door right there? The one marked 'pirate?' You think a pirate lives in there? - Charlie
Fight Milk! The first alcoholic dairy based protein drink for bodyguards! - Mac
Dayman, fighter of the Nightman, champion of the sun, you're a master of karate and friendship for everyone! - Dennis and Charlie
See, I've always got an A, B and C strike plan to get us out of any potentially life-threatening situation. - Mac
If you're in my room, you're always being filmed. - Dennis
I'm not gonna be buried in a grave. When I'm dead, just throw me in the trash. - Frank
Hello fellow American. This you should vote me. I leave power. Good. Thank you, thank you. - Dennis
I'm a-- full-on rapist, you know? Uh, Africans, dyslexics, children, that sorta thing.  - Charlie
I looked for an 'I'm-sorry-I-got-you-shot' card, but they were all out. - Joss Carter
If you really need a mystery, I recommend the human heart. - Harold Finch
The world is a dangerous place, Elliott, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. - Mr. Robot
Did you see that ludicrous display last night? - Moss
They'll beg you and they'll flatter you for the secret, but as soon as you give it up... you'll be nothing to them - Alfred Borden
They have neither the time, the training, nor the inclination for strategic thought. I can no longer sit back and allow Communist infiltration, Communist indoctrination, Communist subversion and the international Communist conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids. - Jack D. Ripper
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground. - Cersei Lannister
The Love Formula: Add up the number of times you think about the lady each day. Subtract from the total the number of times you think about yourself each day.If the remainder is more lady, and less yourself, then it's love. - Dr. Harry Wolper
If I stop drinking all at once, I'm afraid the cumulative hangover will kill me. - Sterling Archer
Hey, proposition: first person to untie me—guy or gal—I will let him or her give me a handy. Come on, let's share the milk of human kindness! - Sterling Archer
Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I skipped the Emily Post chapter on how to introduce your mother to a hooker. - 
He's not coming back from that. That chick was, like, the Pele of anal. - Sterling Archer
I'm not saying I invented the turtleneck, but I was the first person to realize its potential as a tactical garment. The tactical turtleneck! The … tactleneck. - Sterling Archer
I do fear death. I fear dying in here while my city burns. And there's no one there to save it. - Bruce Wayne
Have you tried turning it off and on again? - Roy
Tears aren't a woman's only weapon. The best one's between your legs. - Cersei Lannister
Never forget what you are, the rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor and it can never be used to hurt you. - Tyrion Lannister
You met me at a very strange time in my life. - 
I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you. - Bryan Mills
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self. - Harry Hart
You are wrong if you think joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living. - Jon Krakauer
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really good looking. And I plan on finding out what that is. - Derek Zoolander
Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn't mean they're lost forever. - Charles Xavier/Professor X
Jack! Come back! Come back! Come back!. - Rose
You can't play God without being acquainted with the devil. - Dr. Robert Ford
Oh, screw beautiful. I'm brilliant. If you want to appease me, compliment my brain! - Christina Yang
Ah yes, I was wondering what would break first. Your spirit, or your body? - Bane
I'll be taking these Huggies and-uh-whatever cash ya got. - H.I. McDonnough
Aw, it ain't armed robbery if the gun ain't loaded. - H.I. McDonnough
You see this watch? That watch cost more than your car. - Blake
Why So Serious? - Joker
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villian. - Harvey Dent
Put that coffee down! Coffee is for closers only. - Blake
Mr. Stark, I don't feel so good - Peter Parker/Spiderman
I AM the League of Shadows, and I'm here to fulfill Ra's al Ghul's destiny! - Bane
Get ready to fight - Stan Lee
Calm down, Doctor! Now's not the time for fear. That comes later. - Bane
Love means never having to say you're sorry. - Erich Segal
These violent delights have violent ends. - Dolores Abernathy
I'm sorry, but your opinion means very little to me - Rick Sanchez
Another day another Doug - Korg
Bring me Thanos! - Thor
The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience. - Atticus Finch
Just remember, the sweet is never as sweet without the sour. - Brian
What can you give the world besides an iPhone charger? - Alexander
You gonna have to excuse my friend - Jordan
Ladies and Gentlemen take my advice, pull do your pants and slide on the ice - Dr. Sidney Friedman
I do one thing at a time, I do it very well. And then, I move on - Dr. Charles Emmerson-Winchester III
We each owe a death - there are no exceptions - but, oh God, sometimes the Green Mile seems so long - Paul Edgecomb
There wolf; there castle - Igor
Hold the newsreader's nose squarely, waiter, or friendly milk will countermand my trousers - Stephen Fry
Run, Forrest, run! - Genny Curran
We create our own demons - Tony Stark
I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. - Don Corleone
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. - Andy Dufresne
Today, at the edge of our hope, at the end of our time, we have chosen not only to believe in ourselves, but in each other. Today we face the monsters that are at our door. Today, we take the fight to them. Today we are canceling the apocalypse! - Stacker Pentecost
We have a hulk! - Tony Stark
I say the whole world must learn of our peaceful ways... by force! - Bender
Never trust anyone too much, remember the devil was once an angel. - Kaneki Ken
No. Try not. Do… or do not. There is no try. - Yoda
They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom! - William Wallace
The eyes, Chico. They never lie - Tony Montana
Revenge is never a straight line. It's a forest. And like a forest, it's easy to lose your way...to get lost...to forget where you came in. - Hattori Hanzo
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the war room! - President Merkin Muffley
If you do not like your destination, do not accept. Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be. - Naruto Uzumaki
If you have no reason to be alive, it is the same as being dead. - Naruto Uzumaki
When a man learns to love, he has to bear the risk of hatred. - Madara Uchiha
I'm not locked in here with you. You're locked in here with me! - Rorschach
I Love You 3000 - Morgan
People who talk in metaphors oughta shampoo my crotch. - Melvin Udall
There is no advantage to living life on the run. - Shikamaru Nara
Decide to be fine until the end of the week. Make yourself smile, because you're alive and that's your job. Then do it again the next week. - Frank
Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors. - Sheldon
A morte é como o vento, está sempre ao meu lado. - Yasuo
Wubba lubba dub dub! - Rick
No, I am your father - Darth Vader
yabadabadoo! - Fred Flintstone
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. - Timo Cruz
The hardest choices require the strongest wills. - Thanos
Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later that debt is paid. - Valery Legasov
People hurt the ones they love. That's how it is all around the world - John Coffey
People don't wanna follow an idea, they wanna follow a leader. - Jared
We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on...that's who we really are. - Sirius Black
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. - Sirius Black
One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it. - Master Oogway
People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it. Period. - Chris Gardner (Will Smith)
That rug really tied the room together, did it not? - The Dude (Jeff Bridges)
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. - Michael Corleone
May the Force be with you. - Han Solo
Loyalty, Honor, A willing heart, i can ask no more than that. - J. R. R. Tolkien
“Dread it, run from it, destiny arrives all the same.. - Thanos
A million dollars isn't cool. You know what's cool? A billion dollars.. - Ben Mezrich
The film tells about the "cruel games" of prisoners and the important role of the administration, which controls them using a denunciation system. - Igor Gostev
What a mystery this world, one day you love them and the next day you want to kill them a thousand times over. - Blue Bandit
No man or woman can live another's fate. - Viviane
We're all going to die. The only question is how. - Bodhi
The man that pushes the boundaries tends to break. - Bodhi
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. Everybody's gonna die. Come watch TV. - Morty Smith
Life is effort and I'll stop when I die! - Jerry Smith
Oh ho, you're lucky a priest is taking me into the woods! - Frank Murphy
I am not slurring my words, I'm talking in cursive. - Sterling Archer
Karate? The dane cook of martial arts. - Sterling Archer
Just remember, every time you look up at the moon, I, too, will be looking at a moon. Not the same moon, obviously, That's impossible. - Andy Dwyer
Treat yo self. - Donna Meagle and Tom Haverford
Can we have ONE conversation about feminism where MEN get to be in charge? - Kip Bunthart
There's only one thing I hate more than lying: skim milk. Which is water that's lying about being milk. - Ron Swanson
I know you can read my thoughts, boy: meow, meow, meow, meow, meow... - Homer
Worst. Episode. Ever - Comic Book Guy
Bart, I don't want to alarm you, but there may be a boogie man or boogie men in the house! - Homer
You don't win friends with salad. - Homer
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman. - Homer
To alcohol! The cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems! - Homer
Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos. - Homer
Must kill Moe, weee! Must kill Moe, weee! - Homer
It won't last. Brothers and sisters are natural enemies, like English men and Scots. Or Wales men and Scots. Or Japanese and Scots. Or Scots and other Scots. Damn Scots! They ruined Scotland! - Willie
Well, he's got all the money in the world, but there's one thing he can't buy: a dinosaur. - Homer
Your potato? You can't, like, own a potato, man. It's one of Mother Earth's creatures. - Homer
On a scale of one to ten, how would your rank your pain? - Jordan Roberts , Robert L. Baird, Dan Gerson
The world is full of disappointments, and sometimes people let you down. You can't just run away. - Amy Sherman-Palladino
Life isn't fair. It's hard and cruel. You have to pick your friends as if there's a war going on. - Amy Sherman-Palladino
Just because there is a door does not mean you use it. A door does not represent infinite possibilities. - Amy Sherman-Palladino
Every man dies, but not every man really lives - William Wallace
Great men are not born great, they grow great - Mario Puzo
Oh? You're approaching me? - Dio Brando
Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss. - Benjamin Button
You can fly even higher. - Tobio Kageyama
If you believe that there's a hell, I don't know if you're into that, but we're already pretty much going there, right? But I'm not gonna lie down until I get there - Walter White
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, when one only remembers to turn on the light. - Albus Dumbledore
Get Busy Living, Or Get Busy Dying. - Andy Dufresne
There's Not A Day Goes By I Don't Feel Regret. - Ellis Boyd Redding
I Have To Remind Myself That Some Birds Aren't Meant To Be Caged. - Ellis Boyd Redding
I didn't choose the skuxx life, the skuxx life chose me. - Ricky Baker
Shit just got real! Back up, homies, and let go of my uncle! - Ricky Baker
It was a relaxing song... and a relaxing sausage. - Ricky Baker
The most dangerous man in the world is the one who doesn't know what he doesn't know. - Philip Banks (Uncle Phill)
What's occuring? - Nessa
If you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you gonna love somebody else! - RuPaul
I May Be An Idiot, But There's One Thing I'm Not Sir, And That Is An Idiot. - Peter Griffin
Machines can never think as humans do but just because something thinks differently from you, does it mean it's not thinking? - Alan Turing
Was I God? No. Because God didn't win the war. We did. - Alan Turing
Are you paying attention? - Alan Turing
I know it's not ordinary. But who ever loved ordinary? - Joan Clarke
Just keep swimming - Dory
The film deals with the life of the Nobel Prize-winning Soviet scientist Lev Landau. - Ilya Khrzhanovsky
I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good. - Michael Scott
That's what life is about: People come and go. - Cecelia Ahern
Age is just a number, not a state of mind or a reason for any type of particular behaviour. - Cecelia Ahern
I've learned that home isn't a place, it's a feeling. - Cecelia Ahern
We Didn't Choose This Life, We're Just Living In It. - Five
We're All Looking For Happy. - The Handler
Cows don’t get married. - Janine
Love is patient love is kind. - Eden
I don’t need oranges. I need to scream. I need to grab the nearest machine gun. - June
Praised be, bitch. - Moira
No, you clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, Skyler. I am the danger! A guy opens his door and gets shot and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks! - Walter White
I don’t trust people. Especially the ones who ended up here. - Gi-hun
It took me five tries. - old lady
Hope. It is the quintessential human delusion, simultaneously the source of your greatest strength and your greatest weakness. - The Architect
It is remarkable how similar the pattern of love is to the pattern of insanity. - Merovingian
If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it. - Captain Jack Sparrow
Everyone is a monster to someone. Since you are so convinced that I am yours. I will be it. - Captain Flint
Silenzio Bruno! - Luca & Alberto
It's the oldest question of all, George. Who can spy on the spies? - Oliver Lacon
This is our leap of faith. - Andre Layton
